Ooh! Radiohead. I could listen to Kid Emnesia all night.
What are you doing?
Tending a heart, but she needs some healing.
Good thing I'm not a doctor. Don't think I can heal you. You were just so...
Charming.
What's my super system?
It's no way to talk to your girl.
So now you're my girl.
You know what I say when you meet the one your face muscles tremble?
My face has been doing that. Look.
I think I've had enough of your brain keep. You can go back to wherever you came from.
I'm not pranking you.
Can I at least have your name?
Your number?
Okay, what do you actually want from me?
I want to marry you.
Is this how you usually pick up guys in the bar or...?
My name is Molly. I'm 22 years old.
I recently graduated college. I make my own money. I'm really funny.
I have so many jokes that I could put a smile on that stone statuesque face of yours.
Oh, and I do push-ups every day.
So you'll always have a shoulder to cry on.
Above all, I think I'd make the perfect wife.
Perhaps flash bears can get me out of my struggle.
You're not messing with me?
Not one bit.
Leave me a city all tomorrow. 10 a.m. Bring goody.